README.md, before:

# Phinstagram – Instagram Profile scrape (JSON)

A simple PHP snippet to scrape the instagram.com/username website. This script will provide you with a JSON formatted object that will enable you to grab the most recent images shown on the users profile page [instagram.com/sounden](http://instagram.com/sounden) and present the data the way you want.

# Why did I create Phinstagram?

I wanted to grab get the latest images from my [instagram.com](http://instagram.com) feed without connecting my account to third party apps. Since I could not find any public RSS or JSON feeds from Instagram I made this little simple PHP scrape/proxy script that will provide you with an JSON data feed scraped from the public Instagram profile website.

# Installation

Nothing fancy here, just download and review the example included.

Make sure you have **cURL extension** installed for PHP.

## Live Demo

Check it out [here](http://www.sounden.se/phinstagram)

## Download the ZIP package

Download the **[ZIP file](https://github.com/sounden/phinstagram/archive/master.zip)** with the files.

## Clone the git repo

	git clone git://github.com/sounden/phinstagram.git

# License (MIT)

Copyright © 2016 Johan Sandén, @sounden http://www.sounden.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.

Commit message:

Added Docker support for running the PHP server

README.md, after:

# Phinstagram – Instagram Profile scrape (JSON)

A simple PHP snippet to scrape the instagram.com/username website. This script will provide you with a JSON formatted object that will enable you to grab the most recent images shown on the users profile page [instagram.com/sounden](http://instagram.com/sounden) and present the data the way you want.

# Why did I create Phinstagram?

I wanted to grab get the latest images from my [instagram.com](http://instagram.com) feed without connecting my account to third party apps. Since I could not find any public RSS or JSON feeds from Instagram I made this little simple PHP scrape/proxy script that will provide you with an JSON data feed scraped from the public Instagram profile website.

# Installation

Nothing fancy here, just download and review the example included.

Make sure you have **cURL extension** installed for PHP.

## Start simple PHP server in Docker

`docker build -t phinstagram .`
`docker run -d -p 8080:80 phinstagram`

Now you should be able to open it in your local browser

## Download the ZIP package

Download the **[ZIP file](https://github.com/sounden/phinstagram/archive/master.zip)** with the files.

## Clone the git repo

	git clone git://github.com/sounden/phinstagram.git

# License (MIT)

Copyright © 2016 Johan Sandén, @sounden http://www.sounden.com

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the “Software”), to deal in the Software without restriction, including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED “AS IS”, WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND, EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
